# 3H1L_02
The de novo designed 3H1L_02 topology accommodates the RSV antigenic site 0, a discontinuous motif consisting of a kinked alpha helix and a loop segment. The antigenic site 0 was extracted from the prefusion RSVF structure (PDB 4JHW, chain F). The epitope is defined by the binding interface with the D25 antibody. The helical segment consists of residues 196-212, and the loop segment contains residues 63-69.  
In the designed connectivity, the order of the two epitope segments is reversed, meaning that the helical segment (4JHW residues 196-212) correspond to residues 6-22 in 3H1L_02, and the loop segment (4JHW residues 63-69) correspond to residues 51-57. In order to pre-stabilize the epitope, we extended the helical segment by an additional helical turn at the N-terminus, as well as by  1.5 helical turns at the N-terminus of the loop segment, as reported previously (LINK TO TRIVAX). The extended site 0 epitope can be inspected [here](./site0_extended_epi.pdb). 
The topology was assembled using TopoBuilder using these [input files](./input_files). After folding and design using Rosetta FunFolDes, the best designs were filtered according to overall energy, core packing and ramachandran scores, and the best scoring decoys were inspected manually. 
For experimental testing, we designed a combinatorial library sampling a defined diversity in 12 critical core positions, as detailed [here](./output/4hb_library_codons_positions.xlsx). 
The library was screened using yeast surface display followed by next-generation sequencing, followed by recombinant expression and biophysical characterization of 13 selected clones. 
# THIS HAS TO BE FIXED - the models were extensively relaxed and we may want to show here the ones after FunFolDes, similar to what is shown in the main figure
The computational models of the sequences with the strongest enrichments can be found [here](./output/pdb_files_of_best_models).
